Brig: Implement TURN service discovery using SRV records (#2389)
wireapp/wire-server: docs/src/how-to/administrate/restund.rst

it can discovery them using DNS SRV Records.

Static List
+++++++++++

To configure a static list of TURN servers to use, override
``values/wire-server/values.yaml`` like this:

.. code:: yaml

  # (...)

  brig:
  # (...)
    turnStatic:
      v1:
        # v1 entries can be ignored and are not in use anymore since end of 2018.
      v2:
      - turn:server1.example.com:3478 # server 1 UDP
      - turn:server1.example.com:3478?transport=tcp # server 1 TCP
      - turns:server1.example.com:5478?transport=tcp # server 1 TLS
      - turn:server2.example.com:3478 # server 2 UDP
      - turn:server2.example.com:3478?transport=tcp # server 2 TCP
      - turns:server2.example.com:5478?transport=tcp # server 2 TLS
    turn:
      serversSource: files

DNS SRV Records
+++++++++++++++

To configure wire-server to use DNS SRV records in order to discover TURN
servers, override ``values/wire-server/values.yaml`` like this:

.. code:: yaml

  # (...)

  brig:
  # (...)
    turn:
      serversSource: dns
      baseDomain: prod.example.com
      discoveryIntervalSeconds: 10

When configured like this, the wire-server would look for these 3 SRV records
every 10 seconds:

> 1. ``_turn._udp.prod.example.com`` will be used to discover UDP port for all the
>    turn servers.
> 2. ``_turn._tcp.prod.example.com`` will be used to discover the TCP port for all
>    the turn servers.
> 3. ``_turns._tcp.prod.example.com`` will be used to discover the TLS port for
>    all the turn servers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. ``_turn._udp.prod.example.com`` will be used to discover UDP hostnames and port for all the
   turn servers.
2. ``_turn._tcp.prod.example.com`` will be used to discover the TCP hostnames and port for all
   the turn servers.
3. ``_turns._tcp.prod.example.com`` will be used to discover the TLS hostnames and port for
   all the turn servers.

Entries with weight 0 will be ignored. Example:

.. code::

   dig +retries=3 +short SRV _turn._udp.prod.example.com

   0 0 3478 turn36.prod.example.com
   0 10 3478 turn34..prod.example.com
   0 10 3478 turn35.prod.example.com
```

At least one of these 3 lookups must succeed for the wire-server to be able to
respond correctly when ``GET /calls/config/v2`` is called. All successful
responses are served in the result.

In addition, if there are any clients using the legacy endpoint, ``GET

> /calls/cofnfig``, they will be served by the servers listed in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
/calls/config``, (all versions of all mobile apps since 2018 no longer use this) they will be served by the servers listed in the
```
